Add release workflow for new api versions (#21)
SE-UUlm/snowballr-api: README.md

Then follow the [instructions](https://grpc.io/docs/languages/) on the gRPC
documentation page to generate the relevant files for your project.
For example, in the [snowballr-frontend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend) you can use the command `npm run compile:proto`
to generate the gRPC client.

## Release procedure

We create a new release whenever a set of features, bug fixes, or changes is ready to be integrated into the frontend / backend.
To release a new version of the API, follow these steps:

1. Create a release branch for the release:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b releases/vX.Y.Z
   ```
   Replace `X`, `Y`, `Z` with the correct version numbers according to semantic versioning.

> 2. Add an entry to the _CHANGELOG.md_. Use [hallmark](https://github.com/vweevers/hallmark) to add the entry:

Reviewer: What about this?:
```suggestion
2. Add an entry to the _CHANGELOG.md_. Prefer using [hallmark](https://github.com/vweevers/hallmark) to add the entry:
```

   > **Note**: To use hallmark locally install it globally with `npm install -g hallmark`

3. Commit and push changes to the _CHANGELOG.md_.

4. Create a pull request and request a review, so the _CHANGELOG.md_ syntax and content is validated

5. After the pull request is merged, create a tag with the same version - so "vX.Y.Z" - at the merge commit.
   ```bash
   git pull main
   git tag vX.Y.Z
   git push origin vX.Y.Z
   ```
   Then the CI automatically creates the release.

To update the API in the frontend or backend or any other repository using this API, checkout the new version tag in the submodule (see [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1777854/how-can-i-specify-a-branch-tag-when-adding-a-git-submodule/1778247#1778247) for additional information).

## Documentation

A static site documentation can be generated using
[Sabledocs](https://github.com/markvincze/sabledocs). To build the documentation locally, use docker:

```bash
docker build . -t snowballr-api
docker run -it -p 8080:80 snowballr-api:latest
```

The generated documentation is packaged into a
docker container running [nginx](https://nginx.org/) and is served on the

> internal port `80`.

Reviewer: Why are we explaining on which port the documentation is served internally, when the external port is all that really matters?

Author: I don't know, I didn't write this section. I think he meant the external port, but I am not sure. Because you can access the documentation on normal port 80 afaik.
